# Metadata for Example\_Study\_Name

Here is the metadata associated with your study. It’s a mixture of information entered by you, and information that has been automatically generated by your funder.

Here’s the information we need from you. It will help us make sure we give you the most appropriate user experience. The information you provide will be read by a machine, so just keep it simple.

\#\# Project Nickname

\#\# | A one word acronym for the study – we’ll use this to name the files and to generate an ID | |-------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| | \#\# Sample population

\#\# | E.g. students/patients/people/mice/stem cells/None (e.g. for a computational study) – we’ll use this info to suggest reporting guidelines | | \#\# Methodologies used

\#\# | E.g. fMRI, Immunohistochemistry (we’ll use this info to try and suggest reporting guidelines) | | \#\# Date on which data collection is expected to begin

\#\# | We’ll have to take people at their word about this. Once have this date we can start emailing people in advance of it to get them to pre-register what they plan on doing. | | \#\# DOI of data

\#\# | Authors to complete this once data is deposited. |

Most of this information has been provided by your funder. We’ve generated your project ID automatically, based on the nickname you’ve supplied above.

\#\# Project\_Name

\#\# | This will be the name originally given in the funding application, and should be the same in the DMP. | |-----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| | \#\# Project ID | This should be made up of useful info. The WHO wants the registry name followed by a unique iD. So maybe we could use:

                         RW\_ProjectKickname\_Number                                                                                                                     |

\#\# Primary Sponsor \#\# | Funding institution – this will be the one that sets up the account | \#\# Grant reference | I guess that when a funder sets up an account for their grant holder we would get this info from them and then automatically populate it here. | \#\# ORCID ID of PI \#\# | Auto-populated by funder | \#\# PI Contact details \#\# | Auto-populated from ORCID API |
